# HTML

1. Who is founder of HTML?(basic)
2. Why do we need HTML?(basic)
3. What does HTML stand for?(basic)
4. Who is making the Web standards?(basic)
5. What's HTML document extensions?(basic)
6. What's the use of head tag in html document?(basic)
7. What's the use of body tag in html document?(basic)
8. What is HTML element for the largest heading?(intermediate)
9. Which character is used to indicate an end tag?(basic)
10. Which HTML element defines the title of a document?(basic)
11. What is the correct HTML element for inserting a line break?(basic)
12. What is the correct HTML element for inserting a horizontal rule?(basic)
13. Why do we need UTF-8 charset for HTML document?(intermediate)
14. What organization manage development of HTML5?(basic)
15. Is head tag mandatory in HTML document?(basic)
16. Difference between advance and plain text editors?(basic)
17. What's UI and UX and what's their relations?(intermediate)
18. Examples of HTML analogy?(basic)
19. Different types of comments? does HTML support them all?(basic)
20. What types of process should be implemented before development?(advance)
21. Different types of HTML tags?(basic)
22. What is emmet?(intermediate)
23. What is SEO?(intermediate)
24. First place in HTML document that is important for SEO?(intermediate)
25. What is difference between plaintext and content?(basic)
26. What is difference between element and tag?(intermediate)
27. How many headings HTML support?(basic)
28. Which doctype is correct for HTML5?(intermediate)
